Update monitoring.md (#96)
Mirantis/mke-docs: content/docs/operations/monitoring.md

To access the Grafana dashboard:

> 1. Get the `admin` user password of the Grafana dashboard from the `monitoring-grafana` secret in the `mke` namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Obtain the `admin` user password for the Grafana dashboard from the `monitoring-grafana` secret in the `mke` namespace.
```

   ```bash
    kubectl get secret monitoring-grafana -n mke -o jsonpath="{.data.admin-password}" | base64 --decode
    ```
   

> 1. Run the following command to `port-forward` Grafana:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Run the following command to `port-forward` Grafana:
```

    ```bash
    kubectl --namespace mke port-forward svc/monitoring-grafana 3000:80
    ```

> 1. Go to `http://localhost:3000`.
>    **Welcome to Grafana** login page appears.
>    Login using the default username `admin` and provide the password that you retrieved from the `monitoring-grafana` secret.    

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Navigate to `http://localhost:3000` to access the **Welcome to Grafana** login page.

4. Enter the default username **admin** into the **Email or username** field and type the password you retrieved from the `monitoring-grafana` secret into the **Password** field.

5. Click **Log In**.
```

To access the Grafana dashboard:

1. Obtain the `admin` user password for the Grafana dashboard from the `monitoring-grafana` secret in the `mke` namespace.
   ```bash

>    kubectl get secret monitoring-grafana -n mke -o jsonpath="{.data.admin-password}" | base64 --decode

Reviewer: Please put a line between the step and the codeblock. Also, the codeblock formatting should be closed with ```. I tried to do show that as a Suggestion, however I could not get it to work. A good reference is the codeblock under step 2.

> 1. Obtain the `admin` user password for the Grafana dashboard from the `monitoring-grafana` secret in the `mke` namespace.
>    ```bash
>    kubectl get secret monitoring-grafana -n mke -o jsonpath="{.data.admin-password}" | base64 --decode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Obtain the `admin` user password for the Grafana dashboard from the `monitoring-grafana` secret in the `mke` namespace.

   ```bash
   kubectl get secret monitoring-grafana -n mke -o jsonpath="{.data.admin-password}" | base64 --decode
   ```
```

> 2. Run the following command to `port-forward` Grafana:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Port forward Grafana:
```

Reviewer: Please change the similar step for Prometheus to read in the same manner.

    ```bash
    kubectl --namespace mke port-forward svc/monitoring-grafana 3000:80
    ```

> 3. Navigate to `http://localhost:3000` to access the **Welcome to Grafana** login page.

Reviewer: Please edit the similar step in Prometheus to read the same way. Something like:

"Navigate to <URL> to access the <name of Prometheus entry page> page."

Author: done. at localist:9090 Prometheus displays the status page of Prometheus (https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/latest/getting_started/#starting-prometheus).

To access the Grafana dashboard:

1. Obtain the `admin` user password for the Grafana dashboard from the `monitoring-grafana` secret in the `mke` namespace.

>    ```bash
>     kubectl get secret monitoring-grafana -n mke -o jsonpath="{.data.admin-password}" | base64 --decode
>     ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ```bash
   kubectl get secret monitoring-grafana -n mke -o jsonpath="{.data.admin-password}" | base64 --decode
   ```
```
